Dominic Trentadue Self Intro

Good afternoon! My name is Dominic, and I'm 27 years old. I currently reside in Canton, MI with my partner of 6 years. I am pursuing an Associates in Java with Washtenaw which I will complete in May of this year. I'm then planning to transfer to Eastern Michigan University to complete a Bachelor's in Computer Science.

I have a diverse programming background which I've really come to appreciate. My first foray into code was with QBasic in about 2005. Later, in 2007, I studied Visual Basic, and in 2017, I studied C++ through WCC. Since then, I've delved into Java, SQL, PHP, Android Development, HTML, CSS, Linux, and so many other interesting facets of software development. I'm particularly excited to be taking this class, because I appreciate having the opportunity to simulate a work environment before going into a real workplace. This semester, I'm also taking CPS 276 and CIS 282 for a total of 11 credits. 

Currently I work full time (and overtime) as an IT Analyst, helping to provide website support for a health insurance company. I am considered "the local IT guy" by my coworkers. I know I have a lot more to learn, but being counted on in my workplace for the knowledge I've obtained so far is something I truly appreciate about my team. I certainly hope to grow into a Subject Matter Expert position during or after obtaining my degrees.

I work hard, so it's important to me to play hard too. Some of my hobbies include video production and music production. Suffice it to say, I spend a lot of time in front of a computer, but being able to create art out of raw sounds or images helps bring a little balance into my life. I enjoy cooking and baking too; my partner is extremely gluten-sensitive, so learning how to adapt recipes accordingly has been a culinary adventure. Being out in the woods or a park of some kind does wonders for my mental health, so I go for walks as much as I can.

I'm truly looking forward to working with everyone this semester. Stay safe, and be well!

Kind regards,

Dominic
